Can you please describe the hardest problem you have solved?

Please reply with less than 4 paragraphs and let us know:

What you did
What made it difficult
What you learned from this experience
How you grew as a result

During my professional career, I have worked in the banking industry through the ranks of a Teller, Lead Associate of Operations, Personal banker, and up to a Relationship Banker. One of the hardest problems I have encountered was being placed as a Lead Associate of Operations at the busiest branch in our district. As a lead associate of operations, my responsobility is to ensure that the branch is following all operations accordingly, ensuring security is in order,  and make sure controls are in place, and manage the entire teller line and the tellers to ensure we are meeting our goals and helping the branch grow. 

This challenge was quite a difficult one for myself for a number of reasons. One, was the fact that at the time I was placed into the branch, I was the youngest employee at the entire branch. This made me feel like my colleagues would not take me serious or not truly trust me in this position. Being only twenty years old I definitley could feel that this would affect how I would perform in this situaiton. Another reason this was quite difficult for me was because I had just finished my training and was relativley new to this position so my knowledge was very novice compared to other Lead Associates of Operations. Lastly, the main thing that made this difficult was the fact that this was quite literally the busiest and most fast paced branch in our market so I needed to be constanly proactive to ensure it was being managed accoridingly. 

What I did to ensure I was successful in this role truly relied on how much I trusted myself and the confidence in what I did. Being the youngest in the branch, I needed to ensure that I respected everyone and made sure that they knew, simply because I was managing them, I was not better nor was I more valuable than them. I wanted them to know we are a team and that we are in this together so we can all be succesful. I would always tell them that I would be learning just as much from them as they would be learning from me. This gave my team the feeling that I was much more mature for my age than many others and really helped me gain their trust and allow us to all work together accordingly and grow a bond like no other. What I did to tackle the challenge of being relativley new to the role, was ensure that I was not scared to ask questions and be confident. I made sure I contacted other leaders form differnet branches when scenarios came across that I was unfamiliar with to ensure everyhting was done correctly. Having the ablilty to not be scared to ask questions and make sure you are constantly learning is a skill I would never give up because that is how you become an expert at what you do. Lastly to handle the fact that is was the busiest branch I needed to make sure to always stay calm and make sure things do not get out of control. I made sure that eveyrone knew that no matter how busy we are, or how hard the day can be, they must keep calm and know that we are always there to help eachother. Giving this reassurance ensured that everyhting was done correctly no matter what and we took care of everyone in a timely manner. 

Overall, this experience taught me invaluable life lessons and I gained so much knowledge and wisdom from it. I learned how to connect with people in many different ways, how to handle fast paced environments, how to grow my confidence and my interpersonal skills, how to not be afraid to learn as you go, and overall how to be a better professional in any evironment I am put in. I am truly greatful for this experiece because it made me grow not only as a professional, but also as a person inside myself. The poeple skills I acquired here will help me in every professinal role that I have and I could not be more grateful for that. I realized how important it is to work as a team and trust eachother because at the end of the day, we all have one goal and we all want to be succesful in what we do. I feel like now I can tackle any problem that comes my way, as well as making sure that I will always continue to better myself and grow because there is always something new to learn and continous improvement is the key to success. 